---
slug: society
title: Where are we headed to?
authors:
  - name: Thilaknath Ashok Kumar
    title: Citizen
    url: https://github.com/Thilaknath
    image_url: https://github.com/Thilaknath.png
tags: [society, change]
---

I know everyone out there in the cyber space associated towards India must be aware of the news of the Brutal rape of medical student in the national capital. This had given enough substance for the Indian media to rave about for the coming months until a celebrity love breaks or the birth of a celebrity baby. Now i am making it clear, me writing this blog either makes no difference to the society or writing about the incident and feeling for the victim doesn’t cover up a bit to the grieved family. But i don’t have a place apart from this to share what i have in my mind and reading this if anyone in any corner of the world finds a change i would be the most happiest.

For those who are completely lost what i am talking about here is a  link which would brief you what exactly i am trying to convey about. Firstly what exactly is causing all men out there to go mad, the following weeks have witnessed some brutal rapes of 70 year old women a three year old child, so where exactly are we heading, are we heading to prosperity and development at the end of 2020 or these are signs of what India is and will be by 2020. The feeling of mutual respect to the opposite gender must be first emphasized right from the schooling.


Its Just a Month
From my perspective good education is the one, which could bring about a change to the individual thereby improving the society, so what has the government done to improve this. As far as i know there aren’t much schemes which motivates kids being sent to school, Right to education is just a right and we can proudly say that we have a right which doesn’t give anything out of it. Freebies! government gives TV,grinder, and most of the households for free, instead why cant they give free education and accessories which support the education for free to the desired aspirants who are out there in numerous number.

There are only very few model villages. one such worth mentioning is Punsari in gujarat. villages are the backbone of  India and real development starts only from here. I would say the governance at its poorest form in India, good governance and development automatically blossoms when respect is mutual for all the gender. There are  incidents which leaves our minds in a state of fizzy and this is one incident which had grasped the attention of all the parts of the society. it was a poor show by the administration of the hospital to shift her to Singapore for treatment. Who are they trying to fool ?